{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red193\green193\blue193;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 text_transcripts = [\
    """\
    **Tutor:** "Hello, Alex! I'm Jionghao Lin, your math tutor. Today we're going to work on fractions, specifically adding and subtracting them. Are you ready?"\
\
    **Student (Alex):** "Yes, I think so. Fractions are a bit confusing, though."\
\
    **Tutor:** "No worries, we'll tackle them step by step. Let's start with adding fractions. Do you remember what we need to do first?"\
\
    **Alex:** "We need to make sure the denominators are the same, right?"\
\
    **Tutor:** "Exactly, Alex! That's very important. If we have 1/4 + 3/4, what would be the sum?"\
\
    **Alex:** "Since the denominators are the same, it would be 4/4, which is the same as one whole, right?"\
\
    **Tutor:** "Spot on! Now, what if we have different denominators, like 1/2 + 1/3?"\
\
    **Alex:** "We need to find a common denominator, right? But I'm not sure how to do that."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Correct, we need a common denominator. For 1/2 and 1/3, the smallest number that both 2 and 3 can divide into evenly is 6. So, we convert the fractions to have the denominator of 6. Can you try that?"\
\
    **Alex:** "So, 1/2 becomes 3/6, and 1/3 becomes 2/6?"\
\
    **Tutor:** "Exactly, well done! Now, what's 3/6 + 2/6?"\
\
    **Alex:** "Is it 5/6?"\
\
    **Tutor:** "Perfect! You're getting the hang of this. Let's try some subtraction next. Ready?"\
\
    **Alex:** "Yes, let's do it!"\
    """,\
    """\
    **Tutor:** "Hi there, Emily! My name is Mark Davis, and I'll be helping you with your science project today. Are you excited?"\
\
    **Student (Emily):** "Hi Mark! Yes, I'm very excited. I love science!"\
\
    **Tutor:** "That's great to hear! Let's start by discussing your project's topic. I see you've chosen photosynthesis. Is that correct?"\
\
    **Emily:** "Yes, I find it fascinating how plants make their food."\
\
    **Tutor:** "It's a wonderful topic. We'll also review your project due date, which is September 25, 2024. Does that sound good?"\
\
    **Emily:** "Yes, that works for me."\
    """,\
    """\
    **Tutor:** "Good afternoon, Jake! I'm Sarah Wilson, your history tutor. Today, we'll focus on the American Civil War. Do you have your notes with you?"\
\
    **Student (Jake):** "Hi Sarah! Yes, I have them here. I'm ready to learn."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Fantastic! Before we dive in, I noticed your project presentation is on November 14, 2024. Is that still the plan?"\
\
    **Jake:** "Yes, that's correct."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Great. Let's get started with the main causes of the Civil War. We'll also need to verify some dates. Can you give me a call at (555) 123-4567 if you have any questions later?"\
\
    **Jake:** "Sure, I'll call if I need any help."\
    """,\
    """\
    **Tutor:** "Hello, Lily! My name is John Brown, and I'm here to help you with your English literature homework. Are you ready to get started?"\
\
    **Student (Lily):** "Hi John! Yes, I'm ready."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Excellent. We'll focus on Shakespeare today. Before that, can you confirm your email address? I have it as lily.smith@example.com. Is that correct?"\
\
    **Lily:** "Yes, that's my email."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Perfect. Let's start with 'Romeo and Juliet.'"\
    """,\
    """\
    **Tutor:** "Good morning, Noah! I'm Jessica Lee, your geography tutor. Today, we'll learn about the continents. Are you prepared?"\
\
    **Student (Noah):** "Hi Jessica! Yes, I am."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Great! Also, if you need any additional help, you can email me at jessica.lee@tutoring.com. Now, can you tell me which continent is the largest?"\
\
    **Noah:** "I think it's Asia, right?"\
\
    **Tutor:** "Correct! Let's explore more about Asia."\
    """,\
    """\
    **Tutor:** "Hi, Ava! I'm Michael Green, and I'll be tutoring you in math today. Are you ready to dive into algebra?"\
\
    **Student (Ava):** "Hi Michael! Yes, I'm ready."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Fantastic. I also wanted to let you know that our next session is scheduled for October 10, 2024. Does that work for you?"\
\
    **Ava:** "Yes, that's perfect."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Great. Let's start with solving equations. What's the value of x in 2x + 3 = 7?"\
\
    **Ava:** "x is 2, right?"\
\
    **Tutor:** "Exactly! Well done."\
    """,\
    """\
    **Tutor:** "Hello, Mia! My name is David Johnson, and I'll be your biology tutor today. Are you excited?"\
\
    **Student (Mia):** "Hi David! Yes, I love biology."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Wonderful! I see your project is due on December 5, 2024. Is that correct?"\
\
    **Mia:** "Yes, that's right."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Great. If you need to discuss anything, you can call me at (555) 987-6543. Now, let's talk about cell structures. Can you name the parts of a cell?"\
\
    **Mia:** "Sure, there's the nucleus, mitochondria, and ribosomes."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Excellent! Let's dive deeper into each part."\
    """,\
    """\
    **Tutor:** "Hi, Sophia! I'm Emma Martinez, and I'll be helping you with your history assignment today. Are you ready to begin?"\
\
    **Student (Sophia):** "Hi Emma! Yes, I'm ready."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Great. I noticed your project due date is January 15, 2025. Is that still accurate?"\
\
    **Sophia:** "Yes, it is."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Perfect. Also, if you have any questions, feel free to email me at emma.martinez@tutoringhelp.com. Let's start with the ancient civilizations. Which one do you want to learn about first?"\
\
    **Sophia:** "I'd like to learn about Ancient Egypt."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Great choice! Let's get started."\
    """,\
    """\
    **Tutor:** "Good afternoon, Lucas! My name is Olivia Davis, and I'm here to help you with your physics homework. How are you today?"\
\
    **Student (Lucas):** "Hi Olivia! I'm good, thank you."\
\
    **Tutor:** "That's wonderful. Your homework is due on October 18, 2024. Does that sound right?"\
\
    **Lucas:** "Yes, that's correct."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Perfect. If you need any further assistance, you can call me at (555) 321-4321. Now, let's discuss Newton's laws of motion. Can you name the first law?"\
\
    **Lucas:** "Is it the law of inertia?"\
\
    **Tutor:** "Exactly! Let's explore it further."\
    """,\
    """\
    **Tutor:** "Hello, Emma! My name is Robert Wilson, and I'll be assisting you with your chemistry assignment today. Are you ready?"\
\
    **Student (Emma):** "Hi Robert! Yes, I'm ready."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Excellent. I see your assignment is due on November 22, 2024. Is that correct?"\
\
    **Emma:** "Yes, that's right."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Great. If you need to reach me, my email is robert.wilson@tutors.com. Let's start with the periodic table. Can you tell me the symbol for sodium?"\
\
    **Emma:** "It's Na."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Perfect! Let's learn more about its properties."\
    """,\
    """\
    **Tutor:** "Hi, Daniel! I'm Laura Kim, your new math tutor. Are you ready to work on some geometry today?"\
\
    **Student (Daniel):** "Hi Laura! Yes, I'm ready."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Fantastic. Your test is coming up on December 12, 2024. Is that date still correct?"\
\
    **Daniel:** "Yes, it is."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Great. If you have any questions, you can reach me at laura.kim@mathhelp.com. Let's start with triangles. Can you tell me the different types of triangles?"\
\
    **Daniel:** "Sure, there are equilateral, isosceles, and scalene triangles."\
\
    **Tutor:** "Exactly! Let's explore each type in detail."\
    """\
]}